SPCTR-2554 - Fix: Table of content - shows html validation issue in validator. (#2995)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: readme.txt

* Fix: Global - Fonts were not loading in the customizer when Spectra blocks are used in Astra theme's header/footer section.
* Fix: Advanced Heading - Removed Extra padding in the editor.
* Fix: Editor Sidebar - x-axis Scrollbar should be hidden when switched to RTL.

> * Fix: Table of content - shows html validation issue in validator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Table of Contents - HTML validation issue in the HTML validator.
```
